we're going to be cooking some cop today
but you can do exactly the same recipe
with haddock now we've got the white
fish now I've actually got Philips and
there's no skin and you know supposedly
no bones as well but be careful now what
we're going to do is make up a nice
little batter mix using plain flour and
I've got a little bit of water it's a
fizzy water to get some bubbles in there
because it means you get a nice light
and crusty outside and you get really
lovely fish in the middle so I've
chopped me caught up what I'm gonna do
is I'm just gonna season it a little bit
so and I'm gonna use a bit of red pepper
oil
now what I'm gonna do is turn it round
and season it exactly the same on the
other side so I've got it all chopped up
seasoned on both sides let Nick so I'm
going to work on is the flour now I'm
using plain flour but what I'm going to
do is put a little bit of salt and a
little bit of pepper it's really if you
can season it all the way through it
really adds to the flavor a good bit of
salt and pepper in there just give that
a light stir and that's ready Ferb dip
in the fishing I'm gonna move that aside
and then what we can do is get on with
the batter mix now to make the batter
mix it's really very simple again you
just use a bit of plain flour with the
flour again put a bit of salt and pepper
seasoning dippers all the way through on
the season your food so the next
ingredient to go in is the fizzy water
so just spring water yesterday in there
the bubbles really make it a lot better
so put a little bit in I'm gonna use a
whisk for actually whisking it out
I can tell straight oh I need more more
water in there and just whisk this up
until you get it all obviously mixed out
and try and get the lumps out you need a
little bit more flour in there
start look about right now it's
thickened up slightly anyway so we get
on with the cooking I've got a nonstick
frying pan now I'm just gonna put some
oil just going to use Norwood sunflower
oil but you want to put a fair amount
because you need to cook the fish really
I mean obviously if you've got a deep
fat fryer then great but I haven't got
one of those so I'm just going to let
that get hot depends getting really nice
and hot now I can see all those sort of
bubbles forming at the bottom there so
I'm just gonna put the the flour all
around the fish try and get it
everywhere give it a shake off and then
what you do is drop it into the batter
mix and then when you've got the foil
just drop it in a nice thing and put
them in slowly because it it allows the
batter to actually form a crust if you
put it in too quick it it calls the oil
all down it's gonna do free actually
keep it simple and we're gonna put a
little bit of oil one top just to get a
bit of a crust so we can flip them over
now I've got the fish in there turn it
down to us or medium heat rather than
the very high well we've got a ton about
a medium then one be turning on
you know the outside is all nicely
encapsulated early official written
inside this may be really delicious I'm
just gonna cook this for about two
minutes on this side and I'm gonna flip
it over for another two minutes what
we're looking to do is to get a nice
golden-brown color nice crispy coating
put the fruit cut them in turn these
over and then of my turnovers one more
time in the end really nice stick golden
brown so I just carry on listening for
two minutes on this side and then we'll
flip them over one more time so total
cook time really is about five minutes
on a medium heat stopping cooking for
about four minutes gonna whip those over
ready just put this side until it's nice
and brown on the bottom you ready the
server finish gripped in mind is take
them off
and I'm just gonna place them on a
little bit take the tissue just to let
them drain off so when you serve them up
and the oily gonna like your serve them
up now put it serve these up I've got
some really nice crispy homemade fries
that I've made you see you've got really
nice coating there I can tell the
crunchiness this is right look at it
beautiful
let me try quite really hot really
lovely though it's a nice fluffy light
coating you can't go wrong with this
recipe and I served it up with some my
crispy fries I've got a separate video
for those so you know if you want to
make really nice crispy fried have a
look thanks for watching and enjoy